Improves comms around project ethos (#133)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/index.md

![Level 2](images/levelBadge2.svg)

</div>

> <<<<<<< Updated upstream

Reviewer: Probably needs to be removed?

<div class="level">

=======

### Medium protection

Further checks against the origin of the software

</div>

<div class="level">

> >>>>>>> Stashed changes

Reviewer: Probably needs to be removed?

<section class="breakout">

## Building towards the future

> Almost all of today’s projects, products and services rely on open source software. We expect that trend to continue. As it does, we need to scale up our effort to provide more secure, accessible means to protect the development, distribution and consumption of open and closed source software, and all the impacted communities behind it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Almost all of today’s projects, products and services rely on many dependencies with those having dependencies in turn. We expect that trend to continue. As it does, we need to scale up our effort to provide more secure, accessible means to protect the development, distribution and consumption of software, and all the impacted communities behind it.
```

I'd rather not cover the licenses of dependencies as it's not relevant to whether it's a secure dependency or not.
I guess it might be important for non-technical readers who are only really concerned with the split between libre/open source and proprietary dependencies so mentioning both sides of the divide might make things clearer? :shrug: 

---

Also I haven't got a proper suggestion but I'm not a huge fan of "Almost all". I know that this needs to be readable by technical and non-technical people alike and that's why I'm not sure to suggest here but these are my thoughts:

For all intents and purposes all projects, products, and services have dependencies. When we think software projects with dependencies we might think a React project with 10 direct dependencies and 2k transitive dependencies or a go project with a `go.mod` file that has a handful of libraries. But even if you're writing hello world in C you're going to depend on a compiler and you should arguably know it's providence and all that other good stuff being documented in SLSA and other supply chain security efforts

Reviewer 3: I like this suggestion.

Reviewer 4: Thanks both for the comments! 
Ace getting this conversation going - goals-y and vision-y statement copy is _always_ the toughest to get right and usually takes forever, so it's great seeing that this might be close-ish to the mark. 

**tl;dr**
The last couple of changes made might be throwing this copy a little too far off course from what it's design needs are, and (hopefully I'm not overstepping here!) I'd suggest rolling back to the original PR copy for now - I can keep working off these comments to see where a) points are already being covered in contextual content, b) if I can create another viable alternative for this block for a future PR/discussion?

_rationale_ 
It's tricky to get the tone needed and balance it with being just specific/referential as possible. It doesn't need to get too far into the weeds though, just enough to nod to the context and still be accessible to your widest possible audience. To get there though, I'd plumbed for the original version so you don't have to reiterate the negative problem context in words, especially as it would be reiterating content that has a home in the supply chain/threats diagram content used on the landing page. Even if putting the focus on 'using open source' vs 'dependencies' isn't all that SLSA's about, it _does_ mean you can use this goals content to power home a really strong rallying call (i.e. the last two sentences), and a tone that feels peer-to-trusted-peer with elements like "We expect", "As it does", which are really doing the bulk of the work here. 

I've taken a stab at revising based on your comments, and end up with this one below. But I don't think it's fit for purpose yet - because it really still needs the "which presents... we use" clause for the first sentence to make sense, it throws the "We expect" line way off in its tone and impression, but cutting that particular line out then means cutting "As it does", which in turn loses the idea that SLSA's development is in concert with the wide audience/industry... and by then I think you just lose too much of the necessary elements a good goals/vision statement needs to have.

e.g.
_"Today's projects, products and services rely on dependencies more than ever, which presents serious problems for securing the software supply chains we use. We need to scale up our effort to provide more secure, accessible means of protecting software development, distribution and consumption, and all the impacted communities behind it."_

Definitely happy to keep the conversation going, and I'll take any of these ideas back into the drafting stage <3

Reviewer 3: LGTM

> Almost all software projects today contain open source software. We expect that trend to continue. As it does, we need to scale up our effort to provide more secure, more accessible means to protect the development, distribution and consumption of that software and all the impacted communities behind it. That’s our ethos, our vision and our commitment.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps it's because I'm reading this out of context, but is this trying to restrict this to open source?  SLSA should be able to apply to open and closed source.

Reviewer 4: Thanks both! I've taken on that feedback and tweaked this (incoming) to add in a mention of closed source, though @06kellyjac your feedback's got me drafting up a new direction for this. I'll keep that bubbling and present back once it gets somewhere. The main aim for this version, just for context, was to try keeping a focus on the positive ideal future (if security was already taken care of), so making the reader think less acutely about threats and risks.

Reviewer 3: LGTM

<section class="col-2">
<span>

## How do you mitigate risks to your supply chain?

> Any software can introduce vulnerabilities into a supply chain, with recent high profile supply chain attacks proving how costly an attack can be. The requirements and checks that make up the SLSA framework aim to empower developers and software consumers to easily check the integrity of software artifacts, developed in direct response to [known supply chain attacks](levels.md#threats).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Any software can introduce vulnerabilities into a supply chain, with recent high profile supply chain attacks proving how costly an attack can be. The requirements and checks that make up the SLSA framework were developed in direct response to [known supply chain attacks](levels.md#threats) with the aim to empower developers and software consumers to easily check the integrity of software artifacts in an automatically verifiable way.
```
Re-ordered a bit and added an emphasis on the desire for SLSA checks to be automatically verifiable (#130). Is that addition out of scope for this PR?

Reviewer 6: I like the emphasis on automation. I think a framework for automated SSCI checking is a big selling point.

Reviewer: @devmoran - can you make this change, then the CL should be good to go.
